Argh!
Don't
move a muscle.
Wow, I am
completely at your mercy.
You...
I suppose now
you bring me to justice,
let your new friends
interrogate me.
I wonder if your position's
secure enough
to survive them learning
everything I know.
Let me make this
perfectly clear.
Surrender is your only option.
I will keep my daughter
and the two apostate Shadows
for, of course, an example
must be made of them.
You, Artemis Crock,
will be allowed
to leave unharmed.
Take it
or leave it.
- Supper's ready!
- Thanks, Ma.
Pa and I just want to
get the tractor up on blocks.
- Then we'll be right--
- Oh, no.
You two will get to talkin'
and we'll be waiting
on you for an hour.
Put that thing down
and come wash up.
Yes, ma'am.
Gotta learn
that trick, Martha.
I've got
a feeling you have tricks
of your own, Lois.
How does fried chicken
and cornbread sound, Jonny?
Great! Will Uncle Conner
be here?
Tigress, listen.
Orphan's working on her chains,
but she needs time.
Stall.
Keep the bad guys talking.
There's one thing
I need to know.
Were all your confessions
just an act?
Not the facts.
Those were all true.
My father did kill my sister.
But that was a mercy.
And as for my mother
and her family,
I'm thankful
Vandal Savage saved me
from such a mundane life,
elevating me to a destiny
of greatness at his side.
So these half-truths
and the Glamour Charm
that faked your injuries?
All designed to engender
instant sympathy.
So this was
never about putting a mole
on the team.
Yawn!
Been there. Done that.
No. This was about my daughter.
Maybe a little.
But I'm guessing
the main objective
was infiltrating
the Justice League's
computer system.
Stealing our intel's
been a long-term goal
of the Light
since the day I first joined
the Team ten years ago.
A little longer. I'll send
specs to your HUD,
so you can give them
something to brag about.
The Shadows
used the Fog then, too.
But this? This was next level.
Organic Infiltrators.
They had the advantage
of being undetectable
to your scans.
But the disadvantage
of having a short range
and brief shelf life, right?
Minor inconveniences.
All I required was
a distraction to deploy them.
So I was just a distraction?
I swear I didn't
know they were using me.
It would hardly have worked
if you did.
You never developed
the proper espionage skills.
You were never
truly with the program.
Always unfavorably comparing life
here on Santa Prisca
with how it was
on Infinity Island
under Ra's al Ghul and Sensei.
So I approached my sensei
with these concerns.
I had
similar suspicions
and put them to the test.
You let me overhear your plan
to place Cassandra as a mole!
We gave you every chance
to prove us wrong
by doing nothing.
Instead,
you proved yourself a failure
by attempting an escape
which we allowed
so that you might warn
the heroes which also
suited our plans.
As your arrival created
confusion and prolonged
any decision
about my future with the team.
Giving you the opportunity
to fulfill your mission.
The fight
at the Vault was staged
to get you close
to your target
while keeping us distracted.
Not recognized.
Access Denied.
So that you could
release your organic fog.
And reclaim it
almost as quickly.
Then all I needed was
to get back to Santa Prisca
to transfer the data
to the Light.
Too bad we screwed
that last bit up for you.
Betcha Daddy
won't like that.
The Light may be disappointed.
But I am not.
I have my daughter back.
Night vision! Now!
Shadows, hold the door!
You used me!
Please. You're lucky anyone
could find a use for you.
Tigress, Orphan's
not ready for Shiva.
We can't ask her
to fight her own mom.
Right.
Switch dance partners!
Ha! Gotcha!
No.
No! No! No!
Artemis!
Generators are back online!
Enough is enough!
Get those
lights back up!
Again, surrender
is your only option.
What happened?
Push them back in!
Jonny, we talked about this.
Uncle Conner passed away.
I know. He can't
come to our house
'cause he "passed it away".
But every time we come to
Grandma and Grandpa's house
Uncle Conner meets
us here with Wolf.
Every time.
And Wolf's here.
So Uncle Conner
won't pass us away now!
Jonny, your uncle has died.
This means that
the part of his journey
where his body
is alive is over.
His body doesn't
breathe anymore,
it doesn't play anymore.
And, well, we don't get to
spend time with him anymore.
Why?
Inside a living body,
there are many little parts
that each do an important job
to keep a body
healthy and alive.
Now if some of these parts
stop doing their jobs,
the body can
stop working and die.
And that's what
happened to Uncle Conner.
But even though
we don't get to see
or spend time
with Conner anymore,
because his body is dead,
your memories of him
will always be alive...
in your head
and in your heart.
And these pictures
can remind you
of those memories.
And we believe
that when our journeys end,
we will see him
and everyone we love again.
Huh.
You dare betray me?
I owed Cheshire a debt.
She and I are now even.
Agreed.
Well, we are not even.
No. Which is why
I hereby tender my resignation
to the League of Shadows.
From this point forward,
the Shade
is strictly freelance.
The New Genesphere has you
in her sights, Shiva.
Do not move.
Onyx, Orphan. Get Tigress
aboard and dress her wound.
Keep the pressure on.
I admit I cannot
prevent your escape.
Ow!
And I will
even cede Cheshire and
Onyx's departure
despite their crimes
against the Shadows.
But I must insist
you leave my daughter behind.
Not going to happen.
My shadows are everywhere.
You know this, Cassandra.
They watch your friends,
your comrades.
Stay with me, daughter,
else my Shadows shall hunt down
every one you care about.
That's
a poor bluff, Shiva.
And with one word from me,
your friend Barbara Gordon
will be dead before you return
to Gotham.
Orphan, no!
Let her finish it,
Sis. It's better for all of us,
believe me.
No! We don't turn kids
into killers!
Orphan, stop.
This isn't what you want.
Please, Cassandra,
you're free now.
You don't have to be the weapon
your mother tried to create.
I wasn't trying
to save Joker...
I was trying to save... you.
Whom do you think
you are fooling, child?
I saw it in your eyes.
You are still an assassin.
In allowing
these people to adopt you,
you believe
you have rejected me,
declared yourself an orphan.
But you are no orphan.
You are Cassandra Wu-San.
Come back to your mother
when you are ready to admit
who you really are!
Didn't think so.
So like the Cheshire Cat,
I'll just disappear.
Then she just let me go.
I Hate to say it, but Crush--
Sportsmaster was right.
She's weak, Sensei.
She is family, Jade.
Recruit her.
I'm telling you,
Dad was right about her.
Jade's just like him.
She's family, Artemis.
You did the right thing
letting her go.
The justice system
won't turn Jade.
Only family can do that.
But Jade's afraid
to open her heart
and be part of a family.
She doesn't want
to take that risk.
Doesn't want
the responsibility.
Unfortunately,
she got that from me.
When you were both little,
I abdicated all responsibility
to your father.
He wanted to train you.
I wanted to walk away.
It took this chair,
six years in prison
and losing my family
to teach me these lessons.
I hope Jade is a quicker study.
If you see her again,
you must convince her.
There.
You'll be good as new.
Then I'm making the call.
I can't believe I'm letting you
talk me into this.
You want me to talk you
into this.
Hey, Artemis, What's up?
Hi, Will.
Uh, Listen, I wanna ask
your permission
to bring someone
over to the house.
Another stray?
You could say that.
Is that Aunty Mouse? Hi!
Hi, baby girl.
Aunty Mouse,
look what I made
It's a Mommy-Mask!
Wait! Will, Lian, I'm sorry.
It's a great mask,
but I have to call you back.
Jade!
Jade...
Jonny's asleep. He seems okay.
I'm glad Jonny's okay.
'Cause I'm not.
If I had gotten to Mars
five minutes sooner...
You would have died
alongside Conner,
leaving your son without a
father and me without you.
I know that sounds
selfish, but--
I'm the selfish one.
Ten years ago,
I couldn't get over myself.
I had all these
excuses, suspicions.
All this misplaced blame.
I couldn't see him
for who he was.
I wasted so much time.
But you fixed that.
Conner knew you loved him
like a brother.
And he felt the same
about you.
Loving each other...
that's all any of us can do.
I hope you're right.
God, I hope you're right.
How far ahead is she?
Her stolen helicopter
has about ten minutes on you.
But you're gaining.
And she's still on course
for Infinity Island?
Still. Yes.
Why would she go there?
I have no idea.
And I can't believe
you tagged my sister.
Didn't you trust her?
Of course not!
But I tagged all of you.
Wasn't gonna lose anyone else.
Still like to know whose voice
is coming out of that little
bat-bug.
There she is!
I'm not sure why you came,
but you have to see
you are following
in Dad's footsteps.
You know that's not the way.
I'm nothing like dad!
Listen, Mouse,
you want this cat to change?
Why? So I can join
your little playgroup?
Kind of pointless when they're
gonna kick you out any minute.
They're never
gonna trust you.
Not unless you tell them
the truth and bring me in.
I'm betting
you can't bring yourself
to do either, right?
Didn't think so.
She's turning!
Another assault on my
meditation space.
The Great One
will not be pleased.
You again.
Did you come back
to live or to die?
Ah, to die, then.
Artemis, get out of the way.
This needs to end now!
What are you talking about?
Are you trying
to get yourself killed?
- Yes, she is.
- No!
She knows she has
no fight here,
save the fight
she has with herself.
Artemis, please.
Just go back home.
Ah. She doesn't want witnesses.
That's not it! I'm...
I'm just sending her
back where she belongs.
Home. With Will and Lian.
I am only living there
because you left.
I had to leave!
Because you
couldn't be bothered?
Because you couldn't
handle the responsibility?
No!
Then why?
Because I'm too much like Dad!
I don't want Lian
turning out like me.
We are both children
of our parents.
But at some point,
we decide who we want to be.
Our parents,
our upbringing,
none of that has to define us.
Aren't I proof
DNA doesn't define destiny?
I chose my destiny
a long time ago.
It's never too late
to change your mind
to change who you are.
But changing takes time
and work.
You've just got to be willing
to put both in.
Maybe with a little help
from family,
say, a sister
who still loves you.
You mean a sister who lives
with my ex and my daughter?
I can't take you
away from them,
and I can't
be a part of their lives.
Not yet.
Maybe not ever.
- Yes, you can--
- Don't you get it?
I wouldn't be joining them.
I'd be bringing them
into my cage with me.
We all build
our own cages.
It gives us something
to run away from.
See, I was raised
by my maternal grandfather.
Will Everett,
"The Amazing Man".
He was good to me,
but I felt trapped.
Papa Willie was always
more Booker T than Malcolm X.
He believed
in leading by example,
doing the right thing,
which sounds great,
but it would never be enough.
The world was never
going to just catch up
and recognize our worth.
Even as a kid, I was--
I was frustrated and angry.
I wanted more.
Then, Sensei found me,
promised I could make
a difference,
change the world,
throw off the old order.
So I ran away.
And here on Infinity Island,
the Shadows
felt like my new family.
Yeah. The Shadows
did better by me
than Sportsmaster ever did.
That was
a very low bar.
Certainly by now,
you both understand
that what you experienced here
was not family...
but manipulation.
Of course, the Shadows
kept an eye on the daughters
of Sportsmaster
and the granddaughter
of Amazing Man
from the moment each was born.
Thus when we saw opportunities
to take you, we did.
My role was to create loyalty.
To create fanatics...
A job I did too
well on Lady Shiva.
But Papa Willie...
He died a few years later.
I left a man who loved me.
He loved me,
and I never saw him again
Exactly. I'm glad
you finally understand.
The shadows made you
into weapons.
But, per the Master,
we are no longer
in that business.
I believe we can help
the both of you now,
but only if you
approach your rehabilitation
with open eyes.
I can't believe
you are even considering this!
It merits consideration.
Well, if it isn't
the Great One himself.
Artemis Crock.
I understand... even respect
your skepticism.
But you have my word.
If these two choose to stay,
we will strive to help them.
And as a friend of yours
is fond of saying,
"Ra's al Ghul
is many things..."
"...But a liar
isn't one of them."
Jade, what's the end game here?
Are you just trading
one kind of cage for another?
I don't know, Mouse.
But this honestly feels
like a step
in the right direction.
Doesn't it?
I can't believe
I'm saying this, but...
It does.
For me, too. I wanna stay.
You are both welcome
among our family.
Our true family.
I plan on coming back
to check on both of them.
Count on it.
We have no objection.
You are welcome here
at any time.
You count on it too.
You're not getting away from me
that easy.
I think
for the first time ever...
I'm glad of that.
Maya Angelou, I Know Why
The Caged Bird Sings.